---
layout: post
title: "Nowadays"
date: "2018-07-20 09:36:05 +0900"
location: "Seoul, South Korea"
commentIssueId: 41
category: Diary
tags: [study, daily_log]
---

<h3>Nowadays</h3>

Hi there. Been a while (a lot. Literally it has been 6 months since I posted i Jan) and also a lot changed in my life.

Where do I start... okay the internship. My internship officially finished on Feb 6th. It was amazing experience and I miss San Diego a lot! Everything was perfect, especially weather, and beers, foods, friends.. I still look up my San Diego pictures on the way to work.

At the end of the internship, I had an interview with startup company in Korea and got hired. So after a few days flying back to Korea, immediately started working as a backend engineer.

Yes! As I dreamed to try on Full stack developer, I found a place to achieve that goal and figure out am I really good at backend things, really love these ES6 high-tech(admit it. ES6 is a WAY high tech than C).

Okay. So nowadays, I’m developing NodeJS backend server with MySQL, Koa and through these 5 months of NodeJS, I love it a lot! Still I had to write python code for youtube api script (better and prettier for me) but ES6 is kinda good language for performance and easy to use & maintain! And after writing A LOT of queries with MySQL, Queries became my good friend. Not afraid!

My next plan is to keep working on my company and do skill up my backend and also React, to build what I want to make(Side project).

How’s your life going? Anything special? Let me know!

Happy hacking
